Jill Beavers-Kirby: Hello.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Can you hear me.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: I can't hear you.
Sherry Young: Right.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Up there we go. Now I can hear you.
Sherry Young: Okay.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: How are you, I'm well how are you
Sherry Young: Oh, I'm surviving
Jill Beavers-Kirby: In regards to
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Withdraw or the epidemic or
Sherry Young: Yes, I'm withdrawal in quite a bit. I have been anyway.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: I had a timer set. I had to set a turnip. Oh, tell me a little bit about yourself. I'm a nurse practitioner. I've been seeing patients for three years. This is my first day with this company, though. So I'm still learning the technology. Okay, so tell me about you.
Sherry Young: I'm I'm Sherry. I have a quite a bit of a problem with drugs opiates. Um, I've had a lot of surgeries done I had broken my neck.
Sherry Young: To neck surgeries. I'm lot of things I've done, I've got become addicted to opiates and I'm trying to get off to them as
Sherry Young: I don't want to continue using them. It's ruining my life and it's also cost me a lot of money trying to buy them on the streets, you know, so I have some grandchildren that live with me. I have two of them. My son also
Sherry Young: Um, I like to spend time with my grandchildren, but I spend more time in my bedroom, I just want to get myself well and get better. Okay.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: So what is your drug of choice.
Sherry Young: My drug of choice is percocet 13
Sherry Young: Yeah.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: How many a quite a bit.
Sherry Young: I've taken between. I don't know. Sometimes four. Sometimes I depending, and I don't even I hustle is what I do to be able to get those. So I can take her my habit so
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Okay, um,
Sherry Young: I quit taking them because I can't do it anymore. And the withdrawal is horrible is real bad on me.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: So,
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Are you raising your grandchildren or they just staying with you.
Sherry Young: They're staying with me with her dad. So, I mean, we're all doing it together. My, my son also stays here and his fiance. They both stay here with me in my own
Sherry Young: Yeah, so
Jill Beavers-Kirby: So when's the last time you had any Percocet.
Sherry Young: In about three days now.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Dear
Sherry Young: Yeah.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: What have you been done for the last three days to get through.
Sherry Young: I'm just laying down my bed and try real hard to get through it, but it's really ordered my legs ache me real bad as I got, I don't know, I just knew that
Sherry Young: Any diarrhea.
Sherry Young: Oh yeah, very much so. And I hot and cold sweat. We're all bad at night to wake up with my hair stuck to my face. So it's pretty bad. As for his
Sherry Young: Nighttime goes or laying down and when I'm up during the day I pretty much don't even want to get out of bed I lay in watch my TV. I don't even get to spend time with my grandkids. I don't want to be around them when I'm feeling like this you know so. Okay.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: So are you working
Sherry Young: Now I am currently on disability do some because of my neck and my physical abilities to be able to work. So, okay.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: So you're getting so security for that. Are you filed or
Sherry Young: Yeah, I'm already on it now. Okay.
Sherry Young: I have a home of my own. I currently am on with my disability I i'm on metro what's in housing and I pay my rent for Metro. So it's a lot
Sherry Young: Cheaper for me to pay my rent through Metro. So I do that too. And then most of my money after I pay my rent I end up neglecting my bills and everything just so I can get me some medicine. I don't
Sherry Young: Yeah, I don't have the money to even get me medicine right now and I'm scared because this with trolls were born.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: I mean, it's an expensive habit you know that so
Sherry Young: Yes, it is.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: So about. Have you been on the Percocet.
Sherry Young: Yeah, it's actually yeah actually co domains would be order the 30s.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: How many years have you been on those
Sherry Young: Who quite a while. Been a long time I was also getting them to my doctor, too, but it wasn't the 30th. I was just getting the percocet ends and then I switched in hand to get a higher dosage of it because my tolerance exposed and I was buying more and more. Yeah, so
Jill Beavers-Kirby: So have you tried Suboxone
Sherry Young: Yes, I have. I've added given to me. And yes, they work.
Sherry Young: Okay, go.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Do you remember if they gave you the tablet or the film.
Sherry Young: I've had that they didn't give it to me. It's gotten it all. Somebody tried to stop myself from using drugs. Right. They made me real sick. I've had some you tech before
Sherry Young: No, I did not think he is sick to my stomach. But either or, I think would go, Well, I've tried to quit myself is what I've been doing. Yeah.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Trying to find your insurance. Who's your insurance.
Sherry Young: Care source.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Okay so care source is going to want me to prescribe this Suboxone that buprenorphine with the naloxone if you know the Narc can in it.
Sherry Young: Okay.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Have you ever overdosed.
Sherry Young: No, not well you know what, I think that I have. But I'm come out of it. I do think that not on that or anything but yeah another but I came out of it and didn't have to go to a hospital work, but I believe that I possibly have Udine
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Did they use Narc can. Are you just like blacked out and came out.
Sherry Young: Came out of it. I was foaming at the mouth and my girlfriend came in and she's flash meets with some water and stuff and tried to get me awake.
Sherry Young: Um, I don't, I don't remember reach. She just explained it to me. And then they called a friend of mine in my emergency contacts and they came and got me and then I I came out of it, thank God.
Sherry Young: That was very yeah it was very scared me so
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Are you allergic to any medicines that you know have
Sherry Young: No.
Sherry Young: I'm allergic to bee stings. It's very
Okay.
Sherry Young: Some antibiotics, I am taking what I gotten sick. It's been too strong. I believe in made me sick. But other than that, no way.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: With a six stomach or
Sherry Young: Your new like to say I get I had I've had pneumonia before and they gave me oxy cycling. It made me feel sick. So I had to. I think I'm allergic to that.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: That. How did it make you sick.
Sherry Young: sick to my stomach.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: I was diarrhea.
Sherry Young: Yeah.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: I just not running. Okay.
Sherry Young: Good and hold down. Okay.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: I'm
Gonna ask
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Are you taking any other medicines right now.
Sherry Young: No, I have an inhaler R Us and it's beautiful. That's it.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: How many times a week do you use that
Sherry Young: I only use it, maybe I don't know as much as needed. Just depends, maybe twice a week. I don't know. I don't use it all the time.
Okay.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Um,
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Do you take any like over the counter vitamins or any supplements like that.
Sherry Young: Yeah, I do take vitamins. I take a women's health Vitamins A to Z vitamin. Yeah, I tried to do that because I know that and I lost a lot of weight due to my drug usage to
Sherry Young: Be a lot heavier than I am now.
Sherry Young: How much
Sherry Young: Was over 200 pounds. I'm in my hundred and 20 pounds.
Sherry Young: I don't know. I'd say 1680 pounds. I say like
Sherry Young: Overlay small smaller than people are used to see it. Yeah.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Has that been like over a year or two years, or how
Sherry Young: How long have you been today.
Sherry Young: It's been over
Sherry Young: And over a couple years it's been a couple years, but I've dropped quite a bit. I look a lot different than I used to.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Have you done your urine screen yet and done your lab work yet.
Sherry Young: Not yet, but the lady told me I have to go to client Avenue. It's where I was told as to where I live in Mansfield. Okay.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Yeah, they usually go to like a
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Excuse me, a quest lab or
Jill Beavers-Kirby: A core or something like that. So they've i'm sure they've looked it up to see what else do you
Jill Beavers-Kirby: I think you need to do that within a week of seeing me correct
Sherry Young: Yes. Yeah, I can do that I have to get a ride I ever with all this stuff one around. I mean, I can probably get there, or even walk there because it's not too far from my house, so I can probably get there.
Sherry Young: I'm going to draw. I do anyways within a week I will get there I have other people that may be able to give me a ride to okay
Jill Beavers-Kirby: That would be good.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: So,
Um,
Jill Beavers-Kirby: So the Suboxone I'm gonna start you on strips.
Sherry Young: Just I've worked with care source and
Jill Beavers-Kirby: That's what they want. And so what you're going to do is you're going to take a half a strip. You can take it. You have to be in withdrawal. So, you know, make sure you don't take anything. And so you'll you want it. You take a half a strip
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Um, you know, and let it dissolve.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: And
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Then you should start to feel something, and about 20 to 30 minutes. Okay.
Sherry Young: But already
Jill Beavers-Kirby: I'm sorry.
Sherry Young: Go ahead. I have taken a piece strip that work. So yeah, I remember I told you I've gotten somebody to give them to me. And I tried them to try to withdraw myself.
Sherry Young: But I was getting them off the street. Now I want my perks back, but I can't. And I don't want to. Yeah.
Sherry Young: This is
Jill Beavers-Kirby: This is how we induce you so I can figure out what your daily dose is going to be. So I want you to where you get your prescription and your end withdraw.
Sherry Young: I want you to
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Take, take a half a strip
Jill Beavers-Kirby: And, you know, see if you feel any better in about 30 minutes. Okay.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Okay. Um, if you still feel bad that just means you need more medicine so
Jill Beavers-Kirby: If you have withdrawal feelings. Go ahead and take the other half of the strip. Um, and then like later on in the day like six hours later, see how you feel. Again,
Jill Beavers-Kirby: And if you feel okay then then you don't need to take anymore. But if you still have withdrawal feelings, then go ahead and take another half of stripping. Okay.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: We're gonna send you this so you'll have this, it's all written down.
Sherry Young: Okay, okay.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: But that's how I need to figure out what your dose is going to be
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Okay, everybody's doses different
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Just based on how you metabolize that drug
Sherry Young: Okay, okay.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Um, are you having any problems with anxiety.
Sherry Young: I will always usually, I don't know, I just have a lot on my mind was, you know, trying to take care of payments on bills and everything and my drug habit. So I guess I get anxiety over that. That's true. I do.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: So we can also prescribe a little bit of a medicine called Clonidine
Jill Beavers-Kirby: On you. You can take that, take one pill once or twice a day, and I'll help with the nervousness inside or
Sherry Young: Like
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Some people feel like shaking, you know, can't be still so that medicine will help you with that. Okay, so I will also send that to your pharmacy.
Sherry Young: Okay, I've had those before a long time ago and I think they gave them to me for my blip.
Sherry Young: blip.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Yes, yes.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Yeah.
Sherry Young: Yeah.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Okay, so my guess is your blood pressure is on a problem now with all the weight loss.
Sherry Young: No, not now. I'm doing pretty good with my blood pressure. So I don't know. So, so far so good.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Yeah, you lost all that weight.
Sherry Young: I'm sure that hell yeah yeah
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Okay, so this Suboxone can also cause some constipation, because it's you know it's an opioid so make sure you're drinking a lot of fluid and you can get a stool softener like colet or something at your pharmacy to that can also help with
Jill Beavers-Kirby: You know, constipation, okay.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: If there. Yo, you know, if you go if you go without having a bowel movement for several days, let us know.
Sherry Young: All right. Okay.
Sherry Young: And so we can recommend the right treatment for that.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: And then
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Then I asked you what pharmacy use
Sherry Young: What pharmacy. Do I am at the
Sherry Young: Town. The town Burma's he was medicine shop, but they changed the name to it. That's where I usually go to, but I was told, and they may not
Sherry Young: Take your you you guys, I don't know, somebody said that told me to go to CVS friend of mine said to do that. So I'm not sure what to do, should I switch pharmacies or should I just stay with what I am.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Why did your friend think that they wouldn't take
Sherry Young: It because she had that and she transfer hers to CBS. She's one of my friends. She's the one that referred me to you guys is the same thing, trying to get herself well and better
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Yeah, I'm like,
Jill Beavers-Kirby: I have to be honest I
Jill Beavers-Kirby: I do have better luck with CBS I'm
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Right. So what CBS would you use
Sherry Young: A Lexington Avenue CBS on Lexington.
Sherry Young: And that's an Mansfield yeah Mansfield, Ohio.
Okay.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: So you do have a friend who's doing this. And he's doing it through right heart health.
Sherry Young: Yeah, she said she. That's what she told me to call she gave me your guys's number. That's what I did. Because she's trying to do to get yourself.
Sherry Young: Over the drugs so perfect. Yeah.
And
Jill Beavers-Kirby: So, does she do group therapy that with bright heart hell.
Sherry Young: Yeah, yeah. She does. She does the online thing. Will you guys do the groups online.
Sherry Young: Yeah, that's what she said she did. She told me that's what I would do. And I don't know how many or how often I need to do those
Sherry Young: So I will
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Tell you
Jill Beavers-Kirby: The people who are the most successful are the ones who do participate in group therapy or, you know, so yes, we will get you in a group and start your group therapy, to be honest, I'm not exactly sure how often bright heart health. Once you going to therapy.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: But it is. It does really help because you get to talk to other people who went through the same thing as you so they can kind of help you get through things and you're also going to learn how to deal with your new lifestyle. Okay.
Sherry Young: Right, okay.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: So do you. Um, if I send this into CVS we be able to get it. Today we have them deliver it. Are we, you
Sherry Young: I was gonna have medicine shop or the town tavern or deliver but they said, Not till tomorrow.
Sherry Young: But anyways, I don't. I didn't tell him that I was even going to receive a prescription, they have other prescriptions ready for me.
Sherry Young: What I'm worried about them not covering it because my girlfriend told me they wouldn't
Sherry Young: Yeah, you guys, so I would think CBS would that's what she told me that you guys did before. So yeah, I could probably figure out somebody, one of my friends or my son to give me a ride to get the medication today. Yeah.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: I'd like you to get started on it today.
Sherry Young: Okay, okay.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Um,
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Cuz I don't want
Jill Beavers-Kirby: To go through this, you know, this hell that you're going through right now. Any longer than you have to.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Okay. What questions do you have for me.
Sherry Young: I just want to pray to God that I can get through this and I hope and I thank you for me and who you are and helping me so
Sherry Young: I'm happy to be here. You're on the right thing you've done a
Jill Beavers-Kirby: great first step. You've got it sounds like your friend, be a great support person for you.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Yes, you're, you're in a really good spot. You're making good decisions.
Yeah, alright.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: If you do have questions or if anything you think of anything. Later, just contact us. Okay.
Sherry Young: Okay, and then I have the numbers all written down, but I don't know which number do I calls today. There's two numbers, hang on a minute. Let me see here I have two numbers, but I have when I call the one 800 number. Is that the one I call or do I call he
Sherry Young: Can't see
Sherry Young: My eyes are bad.
Sherry Young: I'm the 415 number
Jill Beavers-Kirby: 800 number
Sherry Young: Okay. Yeah. Okay. All right.
Let's
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Do you have any other questions for me.
Sherry Young: No, ma'am. I just wanted to thank you pretty much explained everything pretty well to me.
Sherry Young: So,
Jill Beavers-Kirby: I'm happy to help. Okay.
Sherry Young: You can do that, you
Sherry Young: Very much.
Sherry Young: I do it, I want to
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Make sure you're washing your hands. Okay.
Sherry Young: Oh my, am I have EMC an advisor.
Sherry Young: So perfect. Yeah.
Sherry Young: Yeah.
Sherry Young: All right.
Sherry Young: Well, you have a good have a good
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Afternoon ready
Sherry Young: Thank you.
Sherry Young: Okay, all right, my mind.